cinema synopses spoiler alert on the
polynesian island of motu nui the
inhabitants worshipped the goddess taffy
t who brought life to the ocean using a
PO namu stone as her heart and the
source of her power one day there was a
shape-shifting demigod of the wind and
sea and wise Maui Maui steals the heart
to give humanity the power of creation
however defeat II disintegrates and Maui
is attacked by losing both his magical
giant fish hook and the heart to the
depths a millennium later Moana daughter
of molten reefs chief tui is chosen by
the ocean to return the heart to defeat
II however - he arrives and takes Moana
away causing her to lose the heart tui
and Mona's mother Cena tried to keep her
away from the ocean to prepare her for
ascension as the islands chief Moana is
frustrated by being contained in her
village as she realizes
[Music]
years later after Moana has grown older
a blight strikes the island rotting the
coconuts
I was husking the coconut and dwindling
the number of fish caught wanna suggests
going beyond the islands reef beyond the
reef to find more fish but tui forbids
it Sina explains to Moana that tui is
hard on her because because he was you
him and his best friend tried going
beyond the reef but the friend died
Moana and her pet pig puah tried
conquering the reef but are overpowered
by the oceans tides and end up
shipwrecked back on molten ooey Mona's
grandmother Tala shows her a secret cave
where a number of ships are hidden
revealing something Tala explains they
stopped when Maui stole to feed his
heart and that teca's darkness is
raining the life but it can be cured if
Moana and Maui hala gives the heart to
Moana Tala falls ill shortly after and
dies but not before encouraging Juana
wanna set sail on one of the hidden
comic ow accidentally accompanied by her
dim-witted rooster hey hey
Moana is caught in a typhoon and
shipwrecked on an island where she finds
the stranded Maui who traps her and
steals the comic ow
but Moana catches up to him with help
from the ocean did not see that coming
she demands that Maui but he refuses
they are attacked by Kimura
coconut armored pirates who seek to
steal the heart by kidnapping hey hey
the chicken who ate the heart but Moana
and Maui a twit
Moana realizes Maui is no longer a hero
and convinces him to redeem himself by
returning the harp deal Maui first needs
to obtain his fish hook which is located
Juana enters the layer of Tama Toa a
giant greedy coconut crab using herself
as live bait to distract him and
allowing Maui to climb atop the crab and
retrieve his fish hook however Maui
discovers he cannot control his
shape-shifting and loses confidence Tama
Toa reveals that Maui's first tattoo was
earned when his mortal parents rejected
him Maui's parents they threw me into
the sea like I was nothing so he spent
his time trying to give humans anything
they could ever want so that they would
love him but it was
never enough after reassurance from
Moana Maui regains control of his powers
and then teaches her to sail the to
arrive at a Fugees island only to be
attacked by take ah who damages Maui's
fishhook fearful he will lose his power
Maui
abandons Moana I'm not going back
who tearfully asks the ocean to find
someone else to restore the heart the
ocean obliges and takes the heart from
Juana Talas spirit appears inspiring
Moana to find her true calling Moana
decides to fulfill the destiny retrieves
the heart and sails back to confront
takeoff Maui returns convinced by his
tattoo to change his mind but his fish
hook is destroyed by takeoff
Marana discovers taffy t is missing but
realizes tech ha is the goddess Juana
restores to feeties heart transforming
her back to normal
defeat e then heals the ocean and
islands of decays poison Maui apologizes
to defeat e I have no excuse
I'm sorry who forgivingly restores his
fishhook and goes into a deep sleep
Moana bids farewell to Maui see you out
there Maui returning home where she
reunites with her parents and takes up
the role of chief setting sail on a
voyage accompanied from afar by Maui and
hala
[Music]